personalities and those teams in the
1960s and 70s where are you you had
different characters you know you had
Charlie cook you know you had Ellen
Hudson Ronnie Harris and people like
tell you where and they work they had
their own characters they were
unbelievable people you know and the
nice thing about it was I never saw an
argument in the dress room at all there
was never any rails on the training
realm apart from when Ronnie went after
Dave Sexton do you know anyone well no
joke we used to go for day just he
didn't really go in because I mean if
you know his chopper in his day when he
went in he cotton but he's used to wine
Dave up a little bit but we used to love
that on a Friday afternoon when he went
off today you mentioned Dave Sexton
there I mean a lovely man and a great
coach but he wasn't really an outgoing
sort of character was he now dave was
very quiet and reserved guy you know
I've got to know him much better now
since so you know off the pitch and and
I've got on glad to say we're good
friends now very good friends and he's
smashing I always ring him up and
there's anything happening which else
he's the first one there and him and Ron
Stewart they were smashing pair but Dave
I think the thing with Dave Brian was
that he had some Flair players around
him like Cooke Hudson and myself and he
had to work hard at his game when he was
a player and I think he saw us as being
very very natural and didn't work as
hard as he had to work and some of the
other lads had to work and I think he
resent that little bit but it was a
fantastic coach I didn't think he was a
brilliant manager because he couldn't
you've got to talk to people you've got
a liaise with people you know when
you're right and when you're wrong when
to give somebody a rollicking and when
it's only not too good to me
and I don't think he quite got that
right but as a coach he was second to
none now Chelsea met Leeds in the 1970
FA Cup final but of course there were
some terrific games on that cup run
leading to it yes there were we spot
Rangers in the court of five
yes I mean you know we had a couple
battles I think we went we drew down
here with Bernie went up there and we
beat them so that was quite a quite a
feat really to be honest because they
were a good side of that time and then
we came back we've got into the
quarterfinals and we played a a second
division side as it was in them days QPR
managed sorry but kept him by Terry
Venables and Barry bridges was playing
from their old boys so they had
something to prove to us Rodney Marsh
was playing so they were still a good
sonic and we played on an absolute mud
heap you know we really did and I think
it was a credit to both sides that the
school was 14 and you scored that score
3-3 yes
and I think I was just my birthday the
day before and so that was quite a quiet
yeah I think I was 23 the day before its
mother
so especially to score actually that in
any game but to in the quarterfinals of
the FA Cup it was brilliant but if the
pitch was bad there it was even worse at
Tottenham for the semi-final against
Russia there were some bad pitches that
time was against Watford since Watford
he was against Watford yeah and again we
were very lucky we drew the third
division side we went one nil up they
went one each but it was absolutely
quagmire it was diabolical the pitch he
really was bad but I think you know we
were just a much stronger and more
intelligent and better side obviously
and fair play to what they give us a
good game for about 3540 minutes but we
took over won 5-1 actually Peter house
when they were fantastic game that day
uni I'm glad to say score two goals
missing because he didn't get a great a
lot of sort of admiration from these
these fans here because they had
something against him I don't know why
but the the pliers we played with him
then worship too much and I you know his
crosses were unbelievable yeah
so it's nice to see him get two goals
and getting a bit of the accolades and
then you got to Wembley against Leeds
yes which wasn't a lot better there well
I know it wasn't a say that pitch was
unbelievable because that the whole show
there two weeks before and this is my
first trip to to Wembley you know I play
for England a couple of times but then
going to Wembley you think this is it
you know this is a stage we all look
forward to as a kid and unfortunate at
the horse show two weeks before one it's
like it just like a sandy beach it was
unbelievable what do you remember him
out of that game - - I think wasn't it
yes he was - - I just think again I
think it's a credit to the two sides we
leads were a fantastic Club so let's be
fearful probably one of the best in the
world at that time and I just think as a
critic in four goals but Eddie gray
murdered David Webb and they've got that
wrong they put David Webb had fall back
and put Ronnie in the middle with John
Dempsey when you had Clarke and Jones up
front and I think he put Ronnie on
Clarkie so you know because he thought
he was gonna be the danger man but as it
turned out where he was and Eddie gray
was and where he got a roast him but
again if you look at the replay we had a
few kicked off the line as well see the
thing about Leeds was when they were in
front they were very very good
but when it's only battled against him
and give him back the same sort of stick
that again cuz they had some heart
minutes make green greeny Bremner
Charles I mean let's be fair Charles and
a little Norman hunter you know people
like that so they had some harm in but
we are
the boys a Beckham against him you know
and that's what he didn't like they went
one lit up at Wembley two one up at
Wembley one they laugh at Old Trafford
and when we went to one in front
I'd equalize from you know it's a great
diving header which Charlie cook
marvellous ball from Charlie fantastic
ball and then all of a sudden we scored
the second goal for daily width you can
see three of their players sat down if
you watch the replay and they went can't
beat these boys we just kept coming back
on and of course the following year you
went into the Cup Winners Cup and you've
got into the final against another great
side Real Madrid yes we did yes I mean
it was a privilege to play against this
great side to be honest erm you know
he's an honour we will play good
football all the year round we look
comfy we were very confident of winning
we went one new lap pass called a
smashing goal which I was very you know
proud of again in the Cup final and and
then I had to go offer an injury I
missed the semi-finals to be honest
because felony injury and a young lad
called Derek Smithers called you know
the winner against Man City we played
funny enough previous winners the year
for and anyway we drew one each they
scored you know and we went on the
Wednesday there was and they said the
replays on the Friday that was in Athens
day nothing yeah absolutely so basically
everybody said what you're doing is well
they've just said we'll just have a
restful day you know have a day off off
we went we went on a restful day yeah
yeah we did yeah few of us yeah well
what do you normally do on a day off you
have a drink yes that's what we did so
those Charlie cooked myself and Alan
Hudson went down the Hilton and we just
sat having a few drinks playing cards
and that was it always remember had he
coming down because he was young lad
they say have you got a couple of them
are oh don't worry buddy son you just be
there tomorrow I mean he was so he was
great because we went on to win 2-1
indeed and you scored again I scored
again yeah I think that's got every Cup
final play for charity which is which is
a nice fee because that always shows
that people say well he's he's all like
scoring goals in certain games but you
know win Cup Finals things are expected
of top-class players and big players and
I've always called for him select that
was smashing I mean I scored every round
the FA Cup which is still at record
today and to score that's quite a record
I think but I was very fortunate people
say oh you were a good gosvamis
you've always got to be surrounded by
good players I was surrounded by team
great plans